Chairman of Accounts Bureau, what do you mean?
I took this video first by accident,
And it was approved by Director Jay Chou,
How can this be of use to me?
Then you can't either, Mr. Accountant,
This is my private matter.
I will definitely find him alone in the future,
Escape from the law.
Well, I'll be waiting for Jay Chou to spend all his money at Linfengjituan any time.
President I continues, one point,
You write about the stage.
Have you seen Zhou Tianci's temporary seal? It's hard to eat but still uncomfortable.
Go back and close the video
Please remove it from them next time
This was once a bad thing
Is this bad guy a free bad guy?
What Zhang Wenming said
What's going on with electing the president?
Sister Haizhoushan, all brothers Lin Li
avoid vicious competition
We will choose someone with outstanding abilities
serve as president
Then take everyone with you
Integrate resources and develop together
The president will also provide some conveniences to my father.
That's the former president
The president is so kind to Jing
After seeing it, I must organize it
It’s the president’s rigidity
He also talked about the strength of Yishenshi
There should be something to consider, the president
But consider asking for younger ones
And since I have no experience with the same injury, I suggest
By Chu Tianci, Jay Chou
But we will meet each other around the president
How about